Introducing Tooling and Refactor Completions Class (#6)
hiremav/spectre: README.md

  }
}

messages = [
  { role: 'system', content: "You are a knowledgeable assistant." },
  { role: 'user', content: "What is the capital of France?" }
]

Spectre.provider_module::Completions.create(
  messages: messages,
  json_schema: json_schema
)

```

This structured format guarantees that the response adheres to the schema you’ve provided, ensuring more predictable and controlled results.

**Using Tools for Function Calling**

> You can also incorporate tools (function calls) in your completion to handle more complex interactions such as fetching information or performing calculations. Define tools using the function call format and include them in the request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can incorporate tools (function calls) in your completion to handle more complex interactions such as fetching external information via API or performing calculations. Define tools using the function call format and include them in the request:
```

```ruby
tools = [
  {
    type: "function",
    function: {
      name: "get_delivery_date",
      description: "Get the delivery date for a customer's order.",
      parameters: {
        type: "object",
        properties: {
          order_id: { type: "string", description: "The customer's order ID." }
        },
        required: ["order_id"],
        additionalProperties: false
      }
    }
  }
]

messages = [
  { role: 'system', content: "You are a helpful customer support assistant." },
  { role: 'user', content: "Can you tell me the delivery date for my order?" }
]

Spectre.provider_module::Completions.create(
  messages: messages,
  tools: tools
)
```

> This setup allows the model to call specific tools (or functions) based on the user's input. The model can then generate a tool call to get necessary information and integrate it into the conversation.

Reviewer: Let's include a example response with the tool to show how you can use the tool response to build and execute your API request.
